dbeaver/dbeaver-devops#2045 Added instruction to configure and deploy… (#67)
dbeaver/cloudbeaver-deploy: AWS/aws-eks/README.md

helm install aws-ebs-csi-driver aws-ebs-csi-driver/aws-ebs-csi-driver --namespace kube-system
```

### Step 3: Configure EFS via Terraform

1. Navigate to directory `cloudbeaver-deploy/AWS/aws-eks`
2. Open the `main.tf` file in a text editor.
3. Update the following variables with your AWS region and EKS cluster name:
```
variable "region" {
  description = "Region for AWS EFS"
  default     = "<your-region>"
}
variable "cluster_name" {
  description = "EKS cluster name"
  default     = "<your-cluster-name>"
}
```
4. Run `terraform init`.
5. Next, run `terraform apply`, which will output `efs_file_system_id`.
6. Open the file `cloudbeaver-deploy/k8s/values.yaml` and update the `fileSystemId` parameter with the value of `efs_file_system_id` obtained in the previous step.
7. Fill in the other parameters as shown in the example:

```yaml
cloudProvider: aws
storage:
  type: efs
  storageClassName: "efs-sc"
  efs:
    fileSystemId: "<your-efs-id>"
```

Once this is set up, you can deploy CloudBeaver EE by following [this guide](../../k8s/README.md).

## AWS ALB configuration for Kubernetes deployment

> If you want to use [AWS Application Load Balancer](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/introduction.html) as ingress controller, follow this instruction.  
> This is not necessary, you can use `nginx` by default as a ingress controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This deployment option can use Nginx, HAProxy, or AWS ALB as an ingress controller. If you want to use [AWS Application Load Balancer](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/introduction.html), follow the steps below.
```

> Install `AWS CLI`: If `AWS CLI` is not installed yet, install it by following the instructions on the [official AWS CLI website](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install `AWS CLI`: If `AWS CLI` is not installed yet, follow the instructions on the [official AWS CLI website](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html).  
```
